iteracao 0
pid: 11483 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 1
pid: 11484 execution time: 3 s
total execution time: 3 s
iteracao 2
pid: 2325 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 3 s
iteracao 3
pid: 4147 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 3 s
iteracao 4
pid: 4154 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 3 s
iteracao 5
pid: 4190 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 6
pid: 4289 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 7
pid: 5496 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 8
pid: 5549 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 9
pid: 5661 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 10
pid: 5717 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 11
pid: 7517 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 12
pid: 7687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 13
pid: 7790 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 14
pid: 7889 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 15
pid: 8841 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 16
pid: 8847 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 17
pid: 8888 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 18
pid: 8895 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 19
pid: 8901 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 20
pid: 8994 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 21
pid: 8997 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 22
pid: 9004 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 23
pid: 9068 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 24
pid: 9379 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 5 s
iteracao 25
pid: 9392 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 5 s
iteracao 26
pid: 9400 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 5 s
iteracao 27
pid: 9444 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 6 s
iteracao 28
pid: 9450 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 29
pid: 9584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 30
pid: 9591 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 31
pid: 9686 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 32
pid: 9687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 33
pid: 9754 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 34
pid: 9760 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 35
pid: 9931 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 7 s
iteracao 36
pid: 10141 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 8 s
iteracao 37
pid: 10190 execution time: 10 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 38
pid: 10269 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 39
pid: 10310 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 40
pid: 12671 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 41
pid: 12677 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 42
pid: 9621 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 43
pid: 9656 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 44
pid: 9720 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 45
pid: 9747 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 46
pid: 9788 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 47
pid: 10534 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 48
pid: 10870 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 49
pid: 10869 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 50
pid: 10872 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 51
pid: 10871 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 52
pid: 10873 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 53
pid: 10874 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 54
pid: 10875 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 55
pid: 10876 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 56
pid: 10877 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 57
pid: 10878 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 58
pid: 10880 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 59
pid: 10879 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 18 s
iteracao 60
pid: 10881 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 61
pid: 10883 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 62
pid: 10884 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 63
pid: 10882 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 64
pid: 10885 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 65
pid: 10886 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 66
pid: 10887 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 67
pid: 10888 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 68
pid: 10889 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 69
pid: 10890 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 70
pid: 10891 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 71
pid: 10892 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 72
pid: 10893 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 73
pid: 10894 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 74
pid: 10895 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 75
pid: 10896 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 76
pid: 10897 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 77
pid: 10898 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 78
pid: 10899 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 79
pid: 10900 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 80
pid: 10901 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 81
pid: 10902 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 82
pid: 10903 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 83
pid: 10904 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 84
pid: 10905 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 85
pid: 10906 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 86
pid: 10907 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 87
pid: 10908 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 88
pid: 10909 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 89
pid: 10911 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 90
pid: 10910 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 91
pid: 10912 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 92
pid: 10913 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 93
pid: 10914 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 94
pid: 10915 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 95
pid: 10916 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 96
pid: 10917 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 97
pid: 10919 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 98
pid: 10918 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 99
pid: 10921 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 100
pid: 10920 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 101
pid: 10922 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 102
pid: 10923 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 103
pid: 10924 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 104
pid: 10925 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 105
pid: 10926 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 106
pid: 10927 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 107
pid: 10928 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 108
pid: 10929 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 109
pid: 10930 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 110
pid: 10931 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 111
pid: 10932 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 112
pid: 10933 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 113
pid: 10934 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 114
pid: 10935 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 115
pid: 10937 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 116
pid: 10936 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 117
pid: 10938 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 118
pid: 10939 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 119
pid: 10941 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 120
pid: 10940 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 121
pid: 10943 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 122
pid: 10944 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 123
pid: 10945 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 124
pid: 10942 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 125
pid: 10946 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 126
pid: 10947 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 127
pid: 10948 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 128
pid: 10949 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 129
pid: 10950 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 130
pid: 10951 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 131
pid: 10952 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 132
pid: 10953 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 133
pid: 10955 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 134
pid: 10954 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 135
pid: 10956 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 136
pid: 10957 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 137
pid: 10958 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 138
pid: 10959 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 139
pid: 10961 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 140
pid: 10960 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 141
pid: 10962 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 142
pid: 10963 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 143
pid: 10964 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 144
pid: 10965 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 145
pid: 10966 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 146
pid: 10967 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 147
pid: 10968 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 148
pid: 10970 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 149
pid: 10969 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 150
pid: 10971 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 151
pid: 10972 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 152
pid: 10973 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 153
pid: 10974 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 154
pid: 10975 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 155
pid: 10976 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 156
pid: 10977 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 157
pid: 10978 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 158
pid: 10979 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 159
pid: 10980 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 160
pid: 10981 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 161
pid: 10982 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 162
pid: 10983 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 163
pid: 10984 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 164
pid: 10985 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 165
pid: 10986 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 166
pid: 10987 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 167
pid: 10988 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 168
pid: 10989 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 169
pid: 10990 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 170
pid: 10991 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 171
pid: 10992 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 172
pid: 10993 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 173
pid: 10994 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 174
pid: 10995 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 175
pid: 10996 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 176
pid: 10997 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 176
pid: 10997 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 177
pid: 10998 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 178
pid: 10999 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 179
pid: 11000 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 180
pid: 11001 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 181
pid: 11002 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 182
pid: 11003 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 183
pid: 11004 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 184
pid: 11005 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 185
pid: 11006 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 186
pid: 11007 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 187
pid: 11008 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 188
pid: 11009 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 189
pid: 11010 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 190
pid: 11011 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 191
pid: 11012 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 192
pid: 11013 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 193
pid: 11014 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 194
pid: 11015 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 195
pid: 11016 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 196
pid: 11018 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 197
pid: 11019 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 198
pid: 11022 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 199
pid: 11023 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 200
pid: 11026 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 201
pid: 11028 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 202
pid: 11027 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 203
pid: 11030 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 204
pid: 11029 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 205
pid: 11031 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 206
pid: 11032 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 207
pid: 11033 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 208
pid: 11034 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 209
pid: 11035 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 210
pid: 11036 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 211
pid: 11037 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 212
pid: 11038 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 213
pid: 11039 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 214
pid: 11041 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 215
pid: 11040 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 216
pid: 11042 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 217
pid: 11043 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 218
pid: 11044 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 219
pid: 11045 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 220
pid: 11046 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 221
pid: 11047 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 222
pid: 11049 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 223
pid: 11048 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 224
pid: 11050 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 19 s
iteracao 225
pid: 11051 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 20 s
iteracao 226
pid: 11052 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 227
pid: 11054 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 228
pid: 11053 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 229
pid: 11055 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 230
pid: 11056 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 231
pid: 11057 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 232
pid: 11058 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 233
pid: 11059 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 234
pid: 11060 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 235
pid: 11061 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 236
pid: 11062 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 237
pid: 11063 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 238
pid: 11064 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 239
pid: 11065 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 240
pid: 11066 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 241
pid: 11067 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 242
pid: 11068 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 243
pid: 11069 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 244
pid: 11070 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 245
pid: 11071 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 246
pid: 11072 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 247
pid: 11073 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 248
pid: 11075 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 246
pid: 11072 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 247
pid: 11074 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 248
pid: 11077 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 249
pid: 11076 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 250
pid: 11078 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 251
pid: 11079 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 252
pid: 11080 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 253
pid: 11081 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 254
pid: 11082 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 255
pid: 11083 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 256
pid: 11084 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 257
pid: 11085 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 258
pid: 11086 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 257
pid: 11085 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 258
pid: 11087 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 259
pid: 11088 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 260
pid: 11089 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 261
pid: 11090 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 262
pid: 11091 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 263
pid: 11092 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 264
pid: 11093 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 265
pid: 11094 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 266
pid: 11095 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 267
pid: 11096 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 268
pid: 11097 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 269
pid: 11098 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 270
pid: 11099 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 271
pid: 11100 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 272
pid: 11102 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 273
pid: 11101 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 274
pid: 11103 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 275
pid: 11104 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 276
pid: 11105 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 277
pid: 11106 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 278
pid: 11107 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 279
pid: 11108 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 280
pid: 11109 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 281
pid: 11110 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 282
pid: 11111 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 283
pid: 11112 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 284
pid: 11113 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 285
pid: 11115 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 286
pid: 11114 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 287
pid: 11117 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 288
pid: 11116 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 289
pid: 11118 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 290
pid: 11119 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 291
pid: 11120 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 292
pid: 11121 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 293
pid: 11122 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 294
pid: 11123 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 295
pid: 11124 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 296
pid: 11125 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 297
pid: 11126 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 298
pid: 11127 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 299
pid: 11128 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 300
pid: 11129 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 301
pid: 11130 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 302
pid: 11131 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 303
pid: 11132 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 304
pid: 11133 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 305
pid: 11134 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 306
pid: 11135 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 307
pid: 11136 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 308
pid: 11138 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 309
pid: 11137 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 310
pid: 11140 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 311
pid: 11139 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 312
pid: 11141 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 313
pid: 11142 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 314
pid: 11143 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 313
pid: 11142 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 314
pid: 11144 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 315
pid: 11145 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 316
pid: 11146 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 317
pid: 11147 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 318
pid: 11148 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 319
pid: 11149 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 320
pid: 11150 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 321
pid: 11151 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 322
pid: 11152 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 321
pid: 11151 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 322
pid: 11153 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 322
pid: 11152 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 323
pid: 11154 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 324
pid: 11155 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 325
pid: 11157 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 326
pid: 11156 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 327
pid: 11159 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 328
pid: 11158 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 329
pid: 11160 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 330
pid: 11161 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 331
pid: 11162 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 332
pid: 11163 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 332
pid: 11163 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 333
pid: 11165 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 334
pid: 11164 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 334
pid: 11164 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 335
pid: 11167 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 333
pid: 11165 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 334
pid: 11166 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 335
pid: 11168 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 336
pid: 11169 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 337
pid: 11170 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 338
pid: 11171 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 339
pid: 11172 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 340
pid: 11173 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 341
pid: 11174 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 342
pid: 11175 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 343
pid: 11176 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 342
pid: 11175 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 343
pid: 11177 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 344
pid: 11178 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 345
pid: 11179 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 346
pid: 11180 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 347
pid: 11182 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 21 s
iteracao 348
pid: 11183 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 22 s
iteracao 349
pid: 11181 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 350
pid: 11184 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 351
pid: 11186 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 352
pid: 11185 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 353
pid: 11187 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 354
pid: 11188 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 355
pid: 11189 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 356
pid: 11190 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 357
pid: 11191 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 358
pid: 11192 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 359
pid: 11193 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 360
pid: 11194 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 361
pid: 11195 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 362
pid: 11196 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 363
pid: 11197 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 364
pid: 11198 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 365
pid: 11199 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 366
pid: 11200 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 367
pid: 11201 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 368
pid: 11203 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 369
pid: 11202 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 370
pid: 11204 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 371
pid: 11205 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 372
pid: 11206 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 373
pid: 11207 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 374
pid: 11208 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 375
pid: 11209 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 376
pid: 11210 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 377
pid: 11211 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 378
pid: 11212 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 379
pid: 11213 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 380
pid: 11214 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 381
pid: 11215 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 382
pid: 11216 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 383
pid: 11217 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 384
pid: 11218 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 385
pid: 11219 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 386
pid: 11220 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 387
pid: 11221 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 388
pid: 11222 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 389
pid: 11223 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 390
pid: 11224 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 391
pid: 11225 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 392
pid: 11226 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 393
pid: 11227 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 394
pid: 11228 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 395
pid: 11229 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 396
pid: 11230 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 397
pid: 11231 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 398
pid: 11232 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 399
pid: 11234 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 400
pid: 11233 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 401
pid: 11235 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 402
pid: 11236 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 403
pid: 11237 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 404
pid: 11238 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 405
pid: 11239 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 406
pid: 11240 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 407
pid: 11241 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 408
pid: 11243 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 409
pid: 11242 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 410
pid: 11245 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 411
pid: 11244 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 412
pid: 11246 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 413
pid: 11247 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 414
pid: 11248 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 415
pid: 11249 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 416
pid: 11250 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 417
pid: 11251 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 418
pid: 11252 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 419
pid: 11253 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 420
pid: 11254 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 421
pid: 11256 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 422
pid: 11255 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 423
pid: 11257 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 424
pid: 11258 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 424
pid: 11258 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 425
pid: 11260 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 426
pid: 11259 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 427
pid: 11261 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 428
pid: 11262 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 429
pid: 11263 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 430
pid: 11264 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 431
pid: 11265 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 432
pid: 11266 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 433
pid: 11267 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 434
pid: 11268 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 435
pid: 11269 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 436
pid: 11270 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 437
pid: 11271 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 438
pid: 11272 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 439
pid: 11273 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 440
pid: 11274 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 441
pid: 11276 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 442
pid: 11275 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 443
pid: 11277 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 444
pid: 11278 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 445
pid: 11279 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 446
pid: 11280 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 447
pid: 11282 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 448
pid: 11281 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 449
pid: 11284 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 450
pid: 11283 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 451
pid: 11285 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 452
pid: 11286 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 453
pid: 11287 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 454
pid: 11289 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 455
pid: 11288 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 456
pid: 11290 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 457
pid: 11291 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 458
pid: 11293 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 459
pid: 11292 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 460
pid: 11294 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 461
pid: 11295 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 462
pid: 11296 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 463
pid: 11297 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 464
pid: 11298 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 465
pid: 11299 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 466
pid: 11300 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 467
pid: 11301 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 468
pid: 11302 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 469
pid: 11303 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 470
pid: 11304 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 469
pid: 11303 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 470
pid: 11305 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 23 s
iteracao 471
pid: 11306 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 24 s
iteracao 472
pid: 11307 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 473
pid: 11308 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 474
pid: 11309 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 475
pid: 11310 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 476
pid: 11311 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 477
pid: 11312 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 478
pid: 11314 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 479
pid: 11313 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 480
pid: 11315 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 481
pid: 11317 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 482
pid: 11316 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 483
pid: 11319 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 484
pid: 11318 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 485
pid: 11320 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 486
pid: 11321 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 487
pid: 11322 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 488
pid: 11323 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 489
pid: 11324 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 490
pid: 11325 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 491
pid: 11326 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 492
pid: 11327 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 493
pid: 11328 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 494
pid: 11329 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 495
pid: 11330 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 496
pid: 11331 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 497
pid: 11332 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 498
pid: 11334 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 499
pid: 11333 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 500
pid: 11336 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 501
pid: 11335 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 502
pid: 11337 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 503
pid: 11338 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 504
pid: 11339 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 505
pid: 11340 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 506
pid: 11341 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 507
pid: 11343 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 508
pid: 11342 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 509
pid: 11344 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 510
pid: 11345 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 511
pid: 11347 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 512
pid: 11346 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 513
pid: 11349 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 514
pid: 11348 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 515
pid: 11350 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 516
pid: 11351 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 517
pid: 11352 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 518
pid: 11353 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 519
pid: 11354 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 520
pid: 11355 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 521
pid: 11356 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 522
pid: 11357 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 523
pid: 11358 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 524
pid: 11359 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 525
pid: 11360 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 526
pid: 11361 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 527
pid: 11362 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 528
pid: 11363 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 529
pid: 11364 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 530
pid: 11365 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 531
pid: 11366 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 532
pid: 11367 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 533
pid: 11368 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 534
pid: 11370 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 535
pid: 11369 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 536
pid: 11371 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 537
pid: 11373 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 538
pid: 11372 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 539
pid: 11374 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 540
pid: 11375 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 541
pid: 11376 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 542
pid: 11377 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 543
pid: 11378 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 544
pid: 11379 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 545
pid: 11380 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 546
pid: 11381 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 547
pid: 11382 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 548
pid: 11383 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 549
pid: 11384 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 549
pid: 11384 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 550
pid: 11385 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 551
pid: 11386 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 552
pid: 11387 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 553
pid: 11388 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 554
pid: 11389 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 555
pid: 11390 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 556
pid: 11392 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 557
pid: 11394 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 558
pid: 11393 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 559
pid: 11396 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 560
pid: 11395 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 561
pid: 11397 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 562
pid: 11398 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 563
pid: 11400 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 564
pid: 11399 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 565
pid: 11401 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 566
pid: 11402 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 567
pid: 11403 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 568
pid: 11404 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 569
pid: 11405 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 570
pid: 11406 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 571
pid: 11407 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 572
pid: 11408 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 573
pid: 11409 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 574
pid: 11410 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 575
pid: 11411 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 576
pid: 11412 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 577
pid: 11413 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 578
pid: 11414 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 579
pid: 11415 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 580
pid: 11416 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 581
pid: 11417 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 582
pid: 11418 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 583
pid: 11419 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 584
pid: 11420 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 585
pid: 11421 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 586
pid: 11422 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 587
pid: 11423 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 588
pid: 11424 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 589
pid: 11425 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 590
pid: 11426 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 589
pid: 11425 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 590
pid: 11428 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 591
pid: 11429 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 592
pid: 11427 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 593
pid: 11430 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 594
pid: 11431 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 595
pid: 11432 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 26 s
iteracao 596
pid: 11433 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 597
pid: 11434 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 598
pid: 11435 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 599
pid: 11436 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 600
pid: 11437 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 601
pid: 11438 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 602
pid: 11439 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 603
pid: 11440 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 604
pid: 11441 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 605
pid: 11442 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 606
pid: 11444 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 607
pid: 11443 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 608
pid: 11446 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 609
pid: 11445 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 610
pid: 11447 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 611
pid: 11448 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 612
pid: 11449 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 613
pid: 11450 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 614
pid: 11451 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 615
pid: 11453 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 616
pid: 11452 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 617
pid: 11454 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 618
pid: 11455 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 618
pid: 11455 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 619
pid: 11457 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 620
pid: 11456 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 620
pid: 11456 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 621
pid: 11459 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 622
pid: 11458 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 623
pid: 11460 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 622
pid: 11458 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 623
pid: 11461 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 624
pid: 11463 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 625
pid: 11462 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 626
pid: 11464 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 627
pid: 11465 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 628
pid: 11466 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 627
pid: 11465 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 628
pid: 11467 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 629
pid: 11468 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 630
pid: 11469 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 631
pid: 11470 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 632
pid: 11471 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 633
pid: 11472 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 634
pid: 11473 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 635
pid: 11474 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 636
pid: 11475 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 637
pid: 11476 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 638
pid: 11477 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 639
pid: 11478 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 640
pid: 11479 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 641
pid: 11480 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 642
pid: 11481 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 643
pid: 11482 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 644
pid: 11483 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 645
pid: 11484 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 646
pid: 11486 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 647
pid: 11487 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 648
pid: 11488 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 649
pid: 11489 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 650
pid: 11490 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 650
pid: 11490 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 651
pid: 11491 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 652
pid: 11492 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 653
pid: 11493 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 654
pid: 11494 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 655
pid: 11485 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 656
pid: 11495 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 657
pid: 11496 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 658
pid: 11497 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 659
pid: 11498 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 658
pid: 11497 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 659
pid: 11499 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 659
pid: 11498 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 660
pid: 11500 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 661
pid: 11501 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 660
pid: 11500 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 661
pid: 11502 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 662
pid: 11504 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 663
pid: 11503 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 664
pid: 11506 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 665
pid: 11505 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 665
pid: 11505 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 664
pid: 11506 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 665
pid: 11507 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 666
pid: 11508 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 666
pid: 11508 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 667
pid: 11510 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 668
pid: 11509 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 669
pid: 11511 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 668
pid: 11509 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 669
pid: 11512 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 670
pid: 11513 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 671
pid: 11514 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 672
pid: 11516 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 673
pid: 11515 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 674
pid: 11517 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 675
pid: 11518 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 675
pid: 11518 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 676
pid: 11520 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 677
pid: 11519 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 678
pid: 11521 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 679
pid: 11523 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 680
pid: 11522 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 680
pid: 11522 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 681
pid: 11525 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 682
pid: 11524 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 683
pid: 11526 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 684
pid: 11527 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 685
pid: 11528 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 686
pid: 11529 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 685
pid: 11528 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 686
pid: 11530 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 687
pid: 11532 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 688
pid: 11531 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 689
pid: 11533 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 690
pid: 11534 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 691
pid: 11535 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 692
pid: 11536 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 693
pid: 11537 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 694
pid: 11538 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 693
pid: 11537 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 27 s
iteracao 694
pid: 11539 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 695
pid: 11540 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 696
pid: 11541 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 697
pid: 11542 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 698
pid: 11543 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 699
pid: 11544 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 698
pid: 11543 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 699
pid: 11545 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 700
pid: 11546 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 700
pid: 11546 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 701
pid: 11548 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 702
pid: 11547 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 703
pid: 11549 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 704
pid: 11550 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 705
pid: 11552 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 706
pid: 11551 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 707
pid: 11553 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 708
pid: 11554 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 709
pid: 11555 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 709
pid: 11555 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 710
pid: 11557 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 711
pid: 11556 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 712
pid: 11559 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 713
pid: 11558 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 714
pid: 11560 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 715
pid: 11561 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 716
pid: 11562 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 717
pid: 11563 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 716
pid: 11562 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 717
pid: 11564 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 718
pid: 11566 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 719
pid: 11565 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 718
pid: 11566 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 719
pid: 11567 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 719
pid: 11565 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 720
pid: 11568 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 721
pid: 11569 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 722
pid: 11570 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 722
pid: 11570 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 723
pid: 11572 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 724
pid: 11571 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 725
pid: 11573 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 726
pid: 11574 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 727
pid: 11575 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 728
pid: 11576 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 729
pid: 11577 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 730
pid: 11578 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 731
pid: 11580 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 732
pid: 11579 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 733
pid: 11582 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 734
pid: 11581 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 733
pid: 11582 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 734
pid: 11583 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 734
pid: 11581 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 735
pid: 11584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 734
pid: 11583 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 735
pid: 11585 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 735
pid: 11584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 736
pid: 11586 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 735
pid: 11585 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 736
pid: 11587 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 736
pid: 11586 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 737
pid: 11588 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 738
pid: 11590 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 739
pid: 11589 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 740
pid: 11591 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 741
pid: 11592 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 742
pid: 11593 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 743
pid: 11594 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 743
pid: 11594 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 744
pid: 11596 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 742
pid: 11593 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 743
pid: 11595 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 744
pid: 11596 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 745
pid: 11597 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 746
pid: 11598 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 747
pid: 11599 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 748
pid: 11600 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 747
pid: 11599 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 748
pid: 11601 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 748
pid: 11600 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 749
pid: 11602 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 748
pid: 11601 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 749
pid: 11603 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 750
pid: 11604 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 749
pid: 11603 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 750
pid: 11605 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 751
pid: 11606 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 752
pid: 11607 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 753
pid: 11608 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 754
pid: 11609 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 753
pid: 11608 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 754
pid: 11610 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 755
pid: 11611 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 756
pid: 11612 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 757
pid: 11614 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 758
pid: 11613 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 759
pid: 11615 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 758
pid: 11613 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 759
pid: 11616 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 760
pid: 11617 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 761
pid: 11618 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 762
pid: 11619 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 763
pid: 11620 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 764
pid: 11621 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 765
pid: 11622 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 764
pid: 11621 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 765
pid: 11623 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 765
pid: 11622 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 766
pid: 11624 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 767
pid: 11625 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 768
pid: 11626 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 769
pid: 11628 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 770
pid: 11627 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 771
pid: 11630 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 772
pid: 11629 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 773
pid: 11631 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 774
pid: 11633 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 775
pid: 11635 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 776
pid: 11636 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 775
pid: 11635 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 776
pid: 11639 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 777
pid: 11641 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 778
pid: 11642 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 777
pid: 11641 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 778
pid: 11643 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 778
pid: 11642 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 779
pid: 12462 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 780
pid: 12461 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 781
pid: 12463 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 780
pid: 12461 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 781
pid: 12464 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 782
pid: 12465 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 781
pid: 12464 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 782
pid: 12466 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 782
pid: 12465 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 783
pid: 12467 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 783
pid: 12467 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 784
pid: 12469 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 785
pid: 12468 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 786
pid: 12470 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 787
pid: 12471 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 786
pid: 12470 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 787
pid: 12472 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 787
pid: 12471 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 788
pid: 12473 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 787
pid: 12472 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 788
pid: 12473 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 789
pid: 12475 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 790
pid: 12474 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 790
pid: 12474 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 791
pid: 12476 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 792
pid: 12477 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 793
pid: 12478 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 794
pid: 12479 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 795
pid: 12480 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 794
pid: 12479 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 795
pid: 12481 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 795
pid: 12481 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 796
pid: 12483 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 797
pid: 12482 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 797
pid: 12482 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 798
pid: 12485 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 799
pid: 12484 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 800
pid: 12486 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 799
pid: 12484 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 800
pid: 12487 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 801
pid: 12488 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 800
pid: 12487 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 801
pid: 12489 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 801
pid: 12489 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 802
pid: 12491 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 803
pid: 12490 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 803
pid: 12490 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 804
pid: 12493 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 805
pid: 12492 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 804
pid: 12493 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 805
pid: 12494 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 805
pid: 12492 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 806
pid: 12495 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 807
pid: 12496 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 808
pid: 12497 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 809
pid: 12498 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 810
pid: 12499 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 811
pid: 12500 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 812
pid: 12501 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 813
pid: 12502 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 814
pid: 12503 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 815
pid: 12504 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 816
pid: 12505 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 817
pid: 12506 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 816
pid: 12505 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 817
pid: 12507 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 818
pid: 12508 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 819
pid: 12509 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 818
pid: 12508 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 819
pid: 12510 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 819
pid: 12509 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 820
pid: 12511 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 819
pid: 12510 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 820
pid: 12512 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 820
pid: 12511 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 821
pid: 12513 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 820
pid: 12512 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 821
pid: 12514 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 821
pid: 12513 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 822
pid: 12515 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 821
pid: 12514 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 822
pid: 12516 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 823
pid: 12517 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 824
pid: 12518 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 825
pid: 12519 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 826
pid: 12520 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 825
pid: 12519 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 826
pid: 12521 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 826
pid: 12520 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 827
pid: 12522 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 827
pid: 12522 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 828
pid: 12523 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 829
pid: 12524 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 830
pid: 12525 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 829
pid: 12524 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 830
pid: 12526 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 830
pid: 12525 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 831
pid: 12527 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 830
pid: 12526 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 831
pid: 12528 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 831
pid: 12527 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 831
pid: 12528 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 832
pid: 12530 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 833
pid: 12529 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 834
pid: 12531 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 833
pid: 12529 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 834
pid: 12532 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 835
pid: 12533 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 836
pid: 12534 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 837
pid: 12535 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 836
pid: 12534 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 837
pid: 12536 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 838
pid: 12537 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 839
pid: 12538 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 840
pid: 12539 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 839
pid: 12538 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 840
pid: 12540 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 840
pid: 12540 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 840
pid: 12539 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 841
pid: 12541 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 842
pid: 12542 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 842
pid: 12542 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 843
pid: 12544 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 844
pid: 12543 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 844
pid: 12543 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 845
pid: 12546 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 846
pid: 12545 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 847
pid: 12547 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 846
pid: 12545 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 847
pid: 12548 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 847
pid: 12547 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 848
pid: 12549 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 847
pid: 12548 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 848
pid: 12550 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 848
pid: 12550 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 849
pid: 12552 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 850
pid: 12553 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 848
pid: 12549 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 849
pid: 12551 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 850
pid: 12554 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 849
pid: 12551 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 850
pid: 12555 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 850
pid: 12555 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 851
pid: 12557 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 852
pid: 12556 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 852
pid: 12556 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 853
pid: 12558 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 854
pid: 12559 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 854
pid: 12559 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 855
pid: 12561 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 853
pid: 12558 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 854
pid: 12560 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 855
pid: 12562 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 854
pid: 12560 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 855
pid: 12563 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 856
pid: 12564 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 857
pid: 12565 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 856
pid: 12564 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 857
pid: 12566 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 858
pid: 12567 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 859
pid: 12568 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 860
pid: 12569 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 859
pid: 12568 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 860
pid: 12570 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 860
pid: 12569 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 861
pid: 12571 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 860
pid: 12570 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 861
pid: 12572 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 861
pid: 12572 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 862
pid: 12574 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 863
pid: 12573 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 864
pid: 12575 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 865
pid: 12576 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 866
pid: 12577 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 867
pid: 12578 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 868
pid: 12579 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 869
pid: 12580 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 868
pid: 12579 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 869
pid: 12581 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 869
pid: 12580 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 870
pid: 12582 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 869
pid: 12581 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 870
pid: 12583 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 871
pid: 12584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 872
pid: 12585 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 871
pid: 12584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 872
pid: 12585 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 873
pid: 12586 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 874
pid: 12587 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 874
pid: 12587 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 875
pid: 12589 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 876
pid: 12588 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 877
pid: 12590 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 876
pid: 12588 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 877
pid: 12591 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 878
pid: 12592 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 877
pid: 12591 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 878
pid: 12593 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 879
pid: 12594 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 878
pid: 12593 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 879
pid: 12595 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 879
pid: 12594 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 880
pid: 12596 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 879
pid: 12595 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 880
pid: 12597 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 881
pid: 12598 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 882
pid: 12599 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 883
pid: 12600 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 884
pid: 12601 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 885
pid: 12602 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 886
pid: 12603 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 887
pid: 12605 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 888
pid: 12604 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 889
pid: 12606 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 888
pid: 12604 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 889
pid: 12607 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 890
pid: 12608 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 891
pid: 12609 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 892
pid: 12610 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 891
pid: 12609 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 892
pid: 12611 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 892
pid: 12611 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 893
pid: 12613 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 894
pid: 12612 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 894
pid: 12612 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 895
pid: 12615 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 896
pid: 12614 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 897
pid: 12616 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 898
pid: 12617 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 899
pid: 12618 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 899
pid: 12618 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 900
pid: 12620 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 901
pid: 12619 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 900
pid: 12620 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 901
pid: 12621 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 901
pid: 12619 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 902
pid: 12622 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 901
pid: 12621 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 902
pid: 12623 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 902
pid: 12622 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 903
pid: 12624 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 902
pid: 12623 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 903
pid: 12625 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 903
pid: 12624 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 904
pid: 12626 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 905
pid: 12627 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 906
pid: 12628 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 906
pid: 12628 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 907
pid: 12629 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 908
pid: 12630 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 908
pid: 12630 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 909
pid: 12632 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 910
pid: 12631 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 909
pid: 12632 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 910
pid: 12633 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 910
pid: 12631 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 911
pid: 12634 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 910
pid: 12633 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 911
pid: 12635 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 912
pid: 12636 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 913
pid: 12637 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 914
pid: 12638 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 913
pid: 12637 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 914
pid: 12639 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 915
pid: 12640 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 914
pid: 12639 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 915
pid: 12641 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 915
pid: 12640 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 916
pid: 12642 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 916
pid: 12642 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 917
pid: 12644 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 918
pid: 12643 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 919
pid: 12645 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 918
pid: 12643 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 919
pid: 12646 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 919
pid: 12645 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 920
pid: 12647 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 919
pid: 12646 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 920
pid: 12648 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 920
pid: 12647 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 921
pid: 12649 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 920
pid: 12648 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 921
pid: 12650 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 921
pid: 12649 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 922
pid: 12651 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 921
pid: 12650 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 922
pid: 12652 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 922
pid: 12651 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12653 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 922
pid: 12652 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12654 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12653 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12655 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12654 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12656 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12655 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12657 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12656 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12658 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12657 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12659 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12658 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12660 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12659 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12660 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 12662 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12661 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12661 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 12664 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 12663 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 12665 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12666 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12667 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12666 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12668 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12667 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12669 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12668 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12670 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12669 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12671 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12670 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12672 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12671 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12673 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12672 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12674 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12673 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12675 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12674 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12676 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12676 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12675 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 12677 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12678 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12678 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12680 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 12677 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12679 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12679 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12682 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 941
pid: 12681 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12682 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 941
pid: 12681 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 942
pid: 12684 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12683 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 942
pid: 12684 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12683 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 944
pid: 12686 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 945
pid: 12685 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 945
pid: 12685 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12688 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12689 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12688 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12690 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12691 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12690 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12692 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12693 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12692 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12694 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12693 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12695 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12694 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12696 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12695 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12697 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12696 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12698 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12697 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12699 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12698 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12700 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12699 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 953
pid: 12701 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12700 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 953
pid: 12702 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 953
pid: 12701 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 954
pid: 12703 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 953
pid: 12702 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 954
pid: 12704 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 12703 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 955
pid: 12705 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 12704 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 12706 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 12705 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 12707 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 12706 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 12707 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12708 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12709 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 12708 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12710 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12709 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12711 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 12710 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12712 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12711 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12713 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 12712 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12714 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12713 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 12715 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 12714 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 12716 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 12715 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12717 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 12716 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12718 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12717 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 12719 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 12718 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 12720 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 12719 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 12721 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 12720 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 12722 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 12721 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 12723 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 12723 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12725 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 12722 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 12724 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12725 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 12724 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12727 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12726 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 12727 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12728 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12726 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12729 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 12728 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12730 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12729 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12731 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 12730 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12732 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12731 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12733 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 12732 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12734 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12733 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12735 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 12734 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12736 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12735 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 12737 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 12736 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 12738 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 12737 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12739 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12740 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 12739 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12741 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 940
pid: 12741 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 941
pid: 12743 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 942
pid: 12742 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12744 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 942
pid: 12742 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12745 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12744 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 943
pid: 12745 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 944
pid: 12746 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 945
pid: 12747 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 944
pid: 12746 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 945
pid: 12748 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 945
pid: 12747 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12749 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12750 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 946
pid: 12749 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12751 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12750 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12752 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 947
pid: 12751 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12753 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12752 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12754 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 948
pid: 12753 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12755 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 949
pid: 12755 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12756 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12757 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12757 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12759 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 950
pid: 12756 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12758 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 951
pid: 12758 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12761 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 952
pid: 12759 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 953
pid: 12760 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3659 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3658 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3658 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3661 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3659 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3660 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3661 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3662 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3663 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3664 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3663 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3665 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3664 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3666 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3667 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3666 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3668 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3668 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3670 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3669 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3670 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3671 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3669 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3672 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3673 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3672 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3674 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3674 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3676 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3675 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3675 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3678 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3677 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3677 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3680 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3679 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3679 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3682 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3681 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3681 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3684 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3683 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3685 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3683 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3686 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3686 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3688 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3685 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3687 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 978
pid: 3690 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3689 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3689 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 980
pid: 3692 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 981
pid: 3691 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 980
pid: 3692 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 981
pid: 3693 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 981
pid: 3691 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 982
pid: 3694 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 983
pid: 3695 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 982
pid: 3694 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 983
pid: 3696 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 984
pid: 3697 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 983
pid: 3696 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 984
pid: 3698 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 984
pid: 3697 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 985
pid: 3699 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 984
pid: 3698 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 985
pid: 3700 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 985
pid: 3699 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 986
pid: 3701 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 985
pid: 3700 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 986
pid: 3702 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 986
pid: 3702 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 987
pid: 3704 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 988
pid: 3703 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 988
pid: 3703 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 989
pid: 3706 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 990
pid: 3705 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 991
pid: 3707 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 31 s
iteracao 990
pid: 3705 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 991
pid: 3708 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 991
pid: 3708 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 992
pid: 3709 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 993
pid: 3710 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 993
pid: 3710 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 994
pid: 3712 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 995
pid: 3711 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 994
pid: 3712 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 995
pid: 3713 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 995
pid: 3711 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 996
pid: 3714 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 995
pid: 3713 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 996
pid: 3715 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 996
pid: 3714 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 997
pid: 3716 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 996
pid: 3715 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 997
pid: 3717 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 997
pid: 3717 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 998
pid: 3719 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 997
pid: 3716 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 998
pid: 3718 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 998
pid: 3719 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 999
pid: 3720 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 998
pid: 3718 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 999
pid: 3721 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 999
pid: 3720 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 3722 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 999
pid: 3721 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 3723 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 3722 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 3724 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 3723 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 3725 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 3724 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 3726 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 3725 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 3727 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 3726 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 3728 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 3727 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 3729 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 3728 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 3730 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 3729 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 3731 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 3730 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 3732 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 3731 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 3732 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 3734 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1007
pid: 3733 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 3734 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1007
pid: 3735 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1007
pid: 3733 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 3736 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 3737 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 3736 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 3738 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 3737 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 3739 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 3738 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 3740 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 3740 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 3742 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 3741 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 3742 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 3743 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 3741 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 3744 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 3743 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 3745 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 3744 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 3746 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 3745 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 3747 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 3746 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 3748 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 3747 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 3749 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 3748 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 3750 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 3749 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 3751 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 3750 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 3752 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 3751 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 3753 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 3752 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 3754 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 3753 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 3755 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 3754 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 3756 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 3755 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 3757 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 3756 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 3758 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 3757 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 3759 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 3759 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 3761 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 3758 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 3760 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 3761 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 3762 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 3760 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 3763 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 3762 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 3764 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 3763 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 3764 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 3766 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 3766 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 3767 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 3765 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 3767 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 3768 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 3765 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 3769 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 3768 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 3770 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 3769 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 3771 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 3770 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 3772 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 3772 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 3774 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 3771 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 3773 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 3774 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 3775 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 3773 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 3776 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 3775 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 3777 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 3776 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 3778 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 3777 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 3779 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 3778 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 3780 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 3779 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 3781 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 3780 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 3782 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 3781 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 3783 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 3782 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 3784 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 3783 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 3785 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 3784 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 3786 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 3785 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 3787 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 3786 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 3788 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 3787 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 3789 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 3788 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 3790 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 3789 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 3791 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 3790 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 3792 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 3791 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 3793 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 3792 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 3794 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 3793 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 3795 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 3794 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 3796 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 3795 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 3797 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 3796 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 3798 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 3797 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 3799 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 3798 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 3800 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 3800 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 3802 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 3799 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 3801 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 3802 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 3803 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 3801 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 3804 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 3803 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 3804 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 923
pid: 3805 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3806 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 3805 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3807 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3806 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3808 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3807 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3809 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3808 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3810 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3809 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3811 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3810 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3812 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3811 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3813 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3812 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3814 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3813 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3814 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 3815 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3816 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 923
pid: 3815 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3817 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3816 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3818 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 924
pid: 3817 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3819 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3818 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3820 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 925
pid: 3819 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3821 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3820 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3822 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 926
pid: 3821 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3823 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3822 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3824 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 927
pid: 3823 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3825 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3824 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 3826 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 928
pid: 3825 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 3827 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 3826 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 3828 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 929
pid: 3827 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 3829 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 3828 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 3830 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 930
pid: 3829 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 3831 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 3830 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 3832 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 931
pid: 3831 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 3833 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 3832 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 3834 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 932
pid: 3833 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 3835 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 3834 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 3836 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 933
pid: 3835 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 3837 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 3836 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 3838 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 934
pid: 3837 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 3839 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 3838 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 3840 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 935
pid: 3839 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 3841 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 3840 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 3842 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 936
pid: 3841 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 3843 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 3842 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 3844 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 937
pid: 3843 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 938
pid: 3845 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 938
pid: 3844 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteracao 939
pid: 3846 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 938
pid: 3845 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 939
pid: 3847 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 939
pid: 3846 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 940
pid: 3848 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 939
pid: 3847 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 940
pid: 3849 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 940
pid: 3848 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 941
pid: 3850 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 940
pid: 3849 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 941
pid: 3851 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 941
pid: 3850 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 942
pid: 3852 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 941
pid: 3851 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 942
pid: 3853 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 942
pid: 3852 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 943
pid: 3854 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 942
pid: 3853 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 943
pid: 3855 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 943
pid: 3854 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 944
pid: 3856 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 943
pid: 3855 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 944
pid: 3857 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 944
pid: 3856 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3858 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 944
pid: 3857 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3859 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3858 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3860 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3859 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3861 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3860 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3862 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3861 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3863 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3862 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3864 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3863 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3865 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3864 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3866 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3865 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3867 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3866 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3868 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3867 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3869 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3868 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3870 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3869 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3871 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3870 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3872 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3871 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3873 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3872 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3874 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3873 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3875 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3874 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3876 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3875 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3877 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3876 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3878 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3877 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3879 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3878 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3880 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3879 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3881 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3880 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3882 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3881 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3883 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3882 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3884 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3883 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3885 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3884 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3886 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3885 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3887 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3886 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3888 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3887 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3889 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3888 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3890 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3889 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3891 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3890 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3892 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3891 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3893 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3892 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3894 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3893 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3895 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3894 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3896 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3895 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3897 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3896 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3898 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3897 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3899 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3898 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3900 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3899 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3901 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3900 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3902 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3901 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3903 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3902 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3904 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3903 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3905 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3904 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3906 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3905 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3907 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3906 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3908 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3907 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3909 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3908 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3910 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3909 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3911 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3910 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3912 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3911 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3913 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3912 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3914 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3913 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3915 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3914 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3916 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3915 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3917 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3916 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3918 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3917 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3919 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3918 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3920 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3919 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3920 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3922 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 978
pid: 3921 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3922 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 978
pid: 3923 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 978
pid: 3921 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3924 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 978
pid: 3923 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3924 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3925 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 980
pid: 3926 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 979
pid: 3925 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 980
pid: 3926 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3927 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3928 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3927 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3929 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3928 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3930 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3929 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3931 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3930 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3932 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3931 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3933 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3932 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3934 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3933 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3935 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3934 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3936 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3935 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3937 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3936 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3938 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3937 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3938 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3939 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3939 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3940 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3941 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 945
pid: 3940 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3942 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3941 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3943 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 946
pid: 3942 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3944 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3943 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 947
pid: 3944 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3945 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3946 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 948
pid: 3945 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3947 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3946 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3948 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 949
pid: 3947 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3949 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3948 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3950 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 950
pid: 3949 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 951
pid: 3950 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3951 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3952 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 952
pid: 3951 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3953 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3952 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 953
pid: 3953 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 30 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3954 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 31 s
iteracao 954
pid: 3954 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 31 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3955 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3956 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 955
pid: 3955 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3957 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3956 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3958 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 956
pid: 3957 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3959 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3958 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3960 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 957
pid: 3959 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3961 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3960 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3962 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 958
pid: 3961 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3963 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3962 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3964 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 959
pid: 3963 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3965 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3964 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3966 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 960
pid: 3965 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3967 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3966 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3968 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 961
pid: 3967 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3969 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3968 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3970 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 962
pid: 3969 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3971 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3970 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3972 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 963
pid: 3971 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3973 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3972 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3974 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 964
pid: 3973 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3975 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3974 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3976 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 965
pid: 3975 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3977 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3976 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3978 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 966
pid: 3977 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3979 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3978 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3980 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 967
pid: 3979 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3981 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3980 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3982 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 968
pid: 3981 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3983 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3982 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3984 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 969
pid: 3983 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3985 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3984 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3986 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 970
pid: 3985 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3987 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3986 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3988 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 971
pid: 3987 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3989 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3988 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3990 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 972
pid: 3989 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3991 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3990 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3992 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 973
pid: 3991 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3993 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3992 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3994 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 974
pid: 3993 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3995 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3994 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3996 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 975
pid: 3995 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3997 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3996 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3998 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 976
pid: 3997 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3999 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3998 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 978
pid: 4000 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 977
pid: 3999 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 978
pid: 4001 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 978
pid: 4000 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 979
pid: 4002 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 978
pid: 4001 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 979
pid: 4003 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 979
pid: 4002 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 979
pid: 4003 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 980
pid: 4004 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 981
pid: 4005 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 980
pid: 4004 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 981
pid: 4006 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 981
pid: 4005 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 982
pid: 4007 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 981
pid: 4006 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 982
pid: 4008 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 982
pid: 4007 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 983
pid: 4009 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 982
pid: 4008 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 983
pid: 4010 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 983
pid: 4009 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 984
pid: 4011 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 983
pid: 4010 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 984
pid: 4012 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 984
pid: 4011 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 985
pid: 4013 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 984
pid: 4012 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 985
pid: 4014 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 985
pid: 4013 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 986
pid: 4127 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 987
pid: 4126 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 986
pid: 4127 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 987
pid: 4126 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 987
pid: 4128 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 988
pid: 4129 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 987
pid: 4128 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 988
pid: 4130 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 988
pid: 4129 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 989
pid: 4131 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 988
pid: 4130 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 989
pid: 4132 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 989
pid: 4131 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 990
pid: 4133 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 989
pid: 4132 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 990
pid: 4134 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 990
pid: 4133 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 991
pid: 4135 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 990
pid: 4134 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 991
pid: 4136 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 991
pid: 4135 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 992
pid: 4137 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 991
pid: 4136 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 992
pid: 4138 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 992
pid: 4137 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 993
pid: 4139 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 992
pid: 4138 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 993
pid: 4140 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 993
pid: 4139 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 994
pid: 4141 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 993
pid: 4140 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 994
pid: 4142 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 994
pid: 4141 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 995
pid: 4143 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 994
pid: 4142 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 995
pid: 4144 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 995
pid: 4144 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 996
pid: 4146 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 995
pid: 4143 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 996
pid: 4145 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 996
pid: 4146 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 997
pid: 4147 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 996
pid: 4145 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 997
pid: 4148 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 997
pid: 4147 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 998
pid: 4149 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 997
pid: 4148 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 998
pid: 4150 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 998
pid: 4149 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 999
pid: 4151 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 998
pid: 4150 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 999
pid: 4152 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 999
pid: 4151 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 4153 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 999
pid: 4152 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 4154 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 4153 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 4155 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1000
pid: 4154 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 4156 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 4155 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 4157 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1001
pid: 4156 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 4158 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 4157 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 4159 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1002
pid: 4158 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 4160 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 4159 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 4161 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1003
pid: 4160 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 4162 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 4161 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 4163 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1004
pid: 4162 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 4164 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 4163 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 4165 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1005
pid: 4164 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 4166 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 4165 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1006
pid: 4166 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1007
pid: 4167 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 4168 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1007
pid: 4167 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 4169 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 4168 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 4170 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1008
pid: 4169 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 4171 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 4170 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 4172 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1009
pid: 4171 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 4173 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 4172 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4174 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1010
pid: 4173 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4175 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4174 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4176 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4175 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4176 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4177 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4178 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4177 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4179 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4178 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4180 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4179 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4181 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4180 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4181 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4182 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4183 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4182 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4184 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4183 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4185 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4184 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4186 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4185 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4187 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4186 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4188 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4187 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4189 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4188 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4190 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4189 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4191 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4190 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4192 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4191 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4193 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4192 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4193 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4194 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4195 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4194 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4196 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4195 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4197 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4196 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4198 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4197 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4199 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4198 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4200 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4199 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4200 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4201 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4202 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4201 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4203 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4202 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4204 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4203 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4205 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4204 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4206 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4205 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4207 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4206 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4208 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4207 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4209 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4208 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4210 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4209 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4211 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4210 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4212 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4211 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4213 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4212 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4214 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4213 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4215 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4214 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4216 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4215 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4217 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4216 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4218 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4217 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4219 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4218 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4220 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4219 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4221 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4220 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4222 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4221 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4222 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4223 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4224 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4223 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4225 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4224 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4226 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4225 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4227 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4226 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4228 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4227 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4229 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4228 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4230 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4229 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4231 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4230 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4232 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4231 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4233 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4232 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4234 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4233 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4235 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4234 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4235 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4236 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1011
pid: 4236 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4237 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4238 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1012
pid: 4237 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4238 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4239 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4240 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1013
pid: 4239 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4241 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4240 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4242 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1014
pid: 4241 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4243 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4242 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4244 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1015
pid: 4243 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4245 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4244 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4246 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1016
pid: 4245 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4247 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4246 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1017
pid: 4247 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 32 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4248 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4249 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1018
pid: 4248 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1019
pid: 4249 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4250 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4251 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1020
pid: 4250 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4252 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4251 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4253 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1021
pid: 4252 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4254 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4253 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4255 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1022
pid: 4254 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4256 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4255 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1023
pid: 4256 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4257 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4258 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1024
pid: 4257 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4259 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4258 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4260 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1025
pid: 4259 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4261 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4260 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1026
pid: 4261 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4263 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4262 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1027
pid: 4263 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4262 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4264 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1028
pid: 4264 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4265 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1029
pid: 4265 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4266 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1030
pid: 4266 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4267 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4268 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1031
pid: 4267 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4268 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4269 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4270 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1032
pid: 4269 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4272 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4270 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1033
pid: 4272 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4273 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4274 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1034
pid: 4273 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4276 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4274 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4281 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1035
pid: 4276 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4282 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4281 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1036
pid: 4282 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4283 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4284 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1037
pid: 4283 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4285 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4284 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4286 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1038
pid: 4285 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4287 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4286 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4288 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1039
pid: 4287 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4289 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4288 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4290 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1040
pid: 4289 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4291 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4290 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4292 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1041
pid: 4291 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4293 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4292 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 4294 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1042
pid: 4293 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 4295 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 4294 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 4296 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1043
pid: 4295 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 4297 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 4296 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1045
pid: 4298 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1044
pid: 4297 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1045
pid: 4299 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1045
pid: 4298 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1046
pid: 4300 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1045
pid: 4299 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1046
pid: 4301 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1046
pid: 4300 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1047
pid: 4302 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1046
pid: 4301 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1047
pid: 4303 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1047
pid: 4302 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1048
pid: 4304 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1047
pid: 4303 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1048
pid: 4305 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1048
pid: 4304 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1049
pid: 4306 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1048
pid: 4305 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1049
pid: 12048 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1050
pid: 3853 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1051
pid: 3854 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1052
pid: 3901 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1053
pid: 3903 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1054
pid: 4014 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 33 s
iteracao 1055
pid: 5008 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1056
pid: 5009 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1057
pid: 5010 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1058
pid: 5011 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1059
pid: 5012 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1060
pid: 5013 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1061
pid: 5014 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 34 s
iteracao 1062
pid: 5015 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1063
pid: 5016 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1064
pid: 5840 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1065
pid: 5841 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1066
pid: 5842 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1067
pid: 5918 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1068
pid: 5919 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1069
pid: 5965 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1070
pid: 5966 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 35 s
iteracao 1071
pid: 5969 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 36 s
iteracao 1072
pid: 6012 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1073
pid: 6034 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1074
pid: 6066 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1075
pid: 6155 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1076
pid: 6156 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1077
pid: 6157 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1078
pid: 6158 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1079
pid: 6604 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1080
pid: 6605 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1081
pid: 6606 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1082
pid: 6627 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1083
pid: 6670 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1084
pid: 6671 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1085
pid: 6797 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1086
pid: 6840 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1087
pid: 6841 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1088
pid: 6842 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1089
pid: 6891 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1090
pid: 6892 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1091
pid: 6928 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1092
pid: 6929 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1093
pid: 6930 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1094
pid: 6931 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1095
pid: 6932 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1096
pid: 6933 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1097
pid: 7118 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1098
pid: 7119 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1099
pid: 7178 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1100
pid: 7237 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1101
pid: 7238 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1102
pid: 7239 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1103
pid: 7290 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1104
pid: 7291 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1105
pid: 7292 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1106
pid: 7293 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1107
pid: 7313 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1108
pid: 7361 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1109
pid: 7362 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1110
pid: 7365 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 37 s
iteracao 1111
pid: 7427 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1112
pid: 7431 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1113
pid: 7538 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1114
pid: 7641 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1115
pid: 7642 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1116
pid: 7664 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1117
pid: 7665 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1118
pid: 7976 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1119
pid: 7977 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 38 s
iteracao 1120
pid: 7978 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1121
pid: 7979 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1122
pid: 7980 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1123
pid: 7981 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1124
pid: 8059 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1125
pid: 8060 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1126
pid: 8061 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1127
pid: 8062 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1128
pid: 8063 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1129
pid: 8064 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1130
pid: 8065 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1131
pid: 8066 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1132
pid: 8067 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1133
pid: 8068 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1134
pid: 8069 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1135
pid: 8070 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1136
pid: 8071 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1137
pid: 8072 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1138
pid: 8073 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 39 s
iteracao 1139
pid: 8074 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1140
pid: 8075 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1141
pid: 8076 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1142
pid: 8077 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1143
pid: 8078 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1144
pid: 8079 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1145
pid: 8080 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1146
pid: 8081 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1147
pid: 8082 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1148
pid: 8083 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1149
pid: 8143 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1150
pid: 8267 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1151
pid: 8268 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1152
pid: 8288 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1153
pid: 8289 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1154
pid: 8584 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1155
pid: 8585 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1156
pid: 8587 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1157
pid: 8648 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1158
pid: 8649 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1159
pid: 8650 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1160
pid: 8651 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1161
pid: 8756 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
iteracao 1162
pid: 8815 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 40 s
